Update v1.5.x to saga (#104)
NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-docs: docs/azure/ContinuousDeployment.rst

   .. code-block:: bash

      az ad sp create-for-rbac --name https://github.com/ --role Contributor --sdk-auth --scopes /subscriptions/${SUBSCRIPTION_ID} > cd-credentials.json

#. Fork the `nRF Asset Tracker for Azure project <https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-azure-js>`_ and add the following secrets to an environment called ``production``:

   * ``AZURE_CREDENTIALS`` - Store the contents of the JSON file created in the above step.
  

> #. Add these values from your :file:`.envrc` file as secrets as well (everything except ``SUBSCRIPTION_ID``):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Add the following values from your :file:`.envrc` file as secrets as well (everything except ``SUBSCRIPTION_ID``):
```

> #. Add these values from your :file:`.envrc` file as secrets as well (everything except ``SUBSCRIPTION_ID``):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Add the following values from your :file:`.envrc` file as secrets as well (everything except ``SUBSCRIPTION_ID``):
```

   * ``RESOURCE_GROUP``
   * ``APP_NAME``
   * ``LOCATION``
   * ``B2C_TENANT``
   * ``APP_REG_CLIENT_ID``

> #. Commit a change

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Commit a change.
```
